1 million
Li Yao, you are teasing me, please calm down.
That's it
I spend money directly
Still lavish
Xiaoqing set a limit for my transaction
I can only figure it out bit by bit at a time.
But don't worry
I will definitely give it all to you
Or you go to the bank with me
I'll forward it to you directly
Do you think I'm a fool?
Ah, I won’t believe you. It’s up to you to see for yourself.
kill you
You dare to hinder me
I'll kill you
stop
I'm here to see who dares to take action
Ah, what are you doing?
What would you do if you didn't see it with your own eyes?
I can't believe it
There are such extremely kind people in the world
You hurt your sister
Misappropriating mother's medical expenses and spending a lot of money
What's your crime?
Mr. Chen, I was wrong
I was wrong. Please forgive me this time.
Xu XinXu Xin
I'm your brother
You, please talk to me, Xu Xin
I'm talking to you
Give me the hard-earned medical expenses for my mother
When used to raise women
Why don't you remember that you are my brother?
When you want to sell me for money to collect the dowry
Xia Chengzhuo
I have committed a great evil calamity
please
starting from
Throw it to the bitter kiln in Beijing
He will be for life
take away
Let go of my grandson
Xiaoqi Linyao
Okay, don’t cry anymore
It's okay
Isn't this good for me?
fine
Our days are still long in the future
Where is Mr. Lin this time?
I have something else to ask you. Do you mind not talking?
good
1 million
Li Yao, you are kidding me, calm down
It is the following.
I pay directly
Also lavish
Xiaoqing has set a limit on my transactions
Just a little bit at a time
But do not worry.
I will give it all to you.
Or you go to the bank with me
I will transfer it to you directly.
Do you take me for a fool?
Ah, I will not believe you. See for yourself.
Kill you
How dare you hinder me
I will kill you.
Stop
With me, I will see who dares to do it
Ah what are you doing
What if I didn't see it with my own eyes
I can't believe it.
There are such wonders in the world
You hurt your sister
Embezzlement of mother's medical expenses
What is your crime?
Mr. Chen, I was wrong.
I was wrong, please forgive me this time.
Xu Xin Xu Xin
I am your brother
You, talk to me, Xu Xin
I am talking to you
You gave me the hard-earned medical bills for our mother
When you take it to raise a woman
Why do not you remember that you are my brother?
When you are going to sell me for money
Xia Chengzhuo
I cut the sin of great evil
Please.
Start from the middle
Throw it to Beijing Bitter Kiln
He will be forever
Take away
Let go of my old grandson
Xiaoqi Linyao
Ok stop crying
Is everything okay?
Am I fine?
Yeah.
We have a long way to go.
What about Mr. Lin this time?
I have one more thing for you, would you mind not talking?
OK